Hahahahaha yo west
Hahahaha, come on, come and challenge me.
Weren't you crazy just now?
Come on, haha, the wastes of Zhaojiacun
Since you want to play bigger than us
Just lift this 500kg strength
No matter who
As long as you can lift it today, I lose
If I lose
Our whole family knelt down and apologized for finding a fake village for you.
Really if you lose
Just get down on your knees and admit it
You all call it a fake car
All waste
Hahahahaha
Don't be stunned
Didn't the dog bark a lot just now?
Why do you despise my son when you hear him say it?
Not a single one is making a sound?
What armed people came to me in their hometown and said Zhaojiacun
Ganquan directly changed its name to Vice Village
There isn't a fortune teller who can fight?
Hahahahahahaha
We don't bully people.
We are bullying a group of sick women